README.md, before:

![OpenIPC Logo](https://cdn.themactep.com/images/logo_openipc.png)


## OpenIPC firmware

[![Telegram](https://openipc.org/images/telegram_button.svg)][telegram]
_(based on Buildroot)_

OpenIPC is a rapidly developing open source alternative [firmware][firmware] for 
popular IP cameras from an [open community](https://opencollective.com/openipc).

Historically, OpenIPC [firmware][firmware] only supported SoC manufactured by 
HiSilicon, but as the development continues, the list of supported processors
expands. Today, it also includes chips from _Ambarella_, _Anyka_, _Fullhan_, _Goke_,
_GrainMedia_, _Ingenic_, _MStar_, _Novatek_, _SigmaStar_, _XiongMai_, and is 
expected to grow further.

More information about the [project][project] is available in our [website][website]
and on the [wiki][wiki].

[firmware]: https://github.com/openipc/firmware/
[telegram]: https://t.me/OpenIPC
[project]: https://github.com/openipc/
[website]: https://openipc.org/
[wiki]: https://openipc.github.io/wiki/


## Support

OpenIPC offers two levels of support.

- Free support through the community (via [chat][chat]).
- Paid commercial support (from the team of developers).

Please consider subscribing for paid commercial support if you intend to use our product for business.
As a paid customer, you will get technical support and maintenance services directly from our skilled team.
Your bug reports and feature requests will get prioritized attention and expedited solutions. It's a win-win
strategy for both parties, that would contribute to the stability your business, and help core developers
to work on the project full-time.

If you have any specific questions concerning our project, feel free to [contact us](mailto:dev@openipc.org).


## Participating and Contribution

If you like what we do, and willing to intensify the development, please consider participating.

You can improve existing code and send us patches. You can add new features missing from our code.

You can help us to write a better documentation, proofread and correct our websites.

You can just donate some money to cover the cost of development and long-term maintaining of what we believe
is going to be the most stable, flexible, and open IP Network Camera Framework for users like yourself.

You can make a financial contribution to the project at [Open Collective][contribution].

Thank you.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://opencollective.com/openipc/contribute/backer-14335/checkout" target="_blank"><img src="https://openipc.org/files/donatetoopencollectivebutton.webp" alt="Open Collective donate button"></a>
</p>

[chat]: https://openipc.org/our-channels
[contribution]: https://opencollective.com/openipc/contribute/backer-14335/checkout

Commit message:

Add custom configs for auto building

README.md, after:

This is my playground. Currently, it's used as an auto builder (by utilizing GitHub Actions) for some custom board configs.  


--- 


![OpenIPC Logo](https://cdn.themactep.com/images/logo_openipc.png)


## OpenIPC firmware

[![Telegram](https://openipc.org/images/telegram_button.svg)][telegram]
_(based on Buildroot)_

OpenIPC is a rapidly developing open source alternative [firmware][firmware] for 
popular IP cameras from an [open community](https://opencollective.com/openipc).

Historically, OpenIPC [firmware][firmware] only supported SoC manufactured by 
HiSilicon, but as the development continues, the list of supported processors
expands. Today, it also includes chips from _Ambarella_, _Anyka_, _Fullhan_, _Goke_,
_GrainMedia_, _Ingenic_, _MStar_, _Novatek_, _SigmaStar_, _XiongMai_, and is 
expected to grow further.

More information about the [project][project] is available in our [website][website]
and on the [wiki][wiki].

[firmware]: https://github.com/openipc/firmware/
[telegram]: https://t.me/OpenIPC
[project]: https://github.com/openipc/
[website]: https://openipc.org/
[wiki]: https://openipc.github.io/wiki/


## Support

OpenIPC offers two levels of support.

- Free support through the community (via [chat][chat]).
- Paid commercial support (from the team of developers).

Please consider subscribing for paid commercial support if you intend to use our product for business.
As a paid customer, you will get technical support and maintenance services directly from our skilled team.
Your bug reports and feature requests will get prioritized attention and expedited solutions. It's a win-win
strategy for both parties, that would contribute to the stability your business, and help core developers
to work on the project full-time.

If you have any specific questions concerning our project, feel free to [contact us](mailto:dev@openipc.org).


## Participating and Contribution

If you like what we do, and willing to intensify the development, please consider participating.

You can improve existing code and send us patches. You can add new features missing from our code.

You can help us to write a better documentation, proofread and correct our websites.

You can just donate some money to cover the cost of development and long-term maintaining of what we believe
is going to be the most stable, flexible, and open IP Network Camera Framework for users like yourself.

You can make a financial contribution to the project at [Open Collective][contribution].

Thank you.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://opencollective.com/openipc/contribute/backer-14335/checkout" target="_blank"><img src="https://openipc.org/files/donatetoopencollectivebutton.webp" alt="Open Collective donate button"></a>
</p>

[chat]: https://openipc.org/our-channels
[contribution]: https://opencollective.com/openipc/contribute/backer-14335/checkout
